theron for mommy digger calm and today
I'm here to share with you my results
from the herbal essences naked kits i
order this kit about three weeks ago
they gave me a gift card to walmart com
and so that I could try out the this kit
I ordered it about three weeks ago and
it came within a few days and it was a
little over twelve dollars and it comes
with the shampoo the conditioner as well
as volumizing souffle which is kind of
like a mousse and a dry shampoo I really
love these two of these turn my
favorites this I always use in my hair
after a shower I put a little bit in Lot
still wet and then blow-dry it gives me
you're a little extra volume that I want
and then the dry shampoo is great
through those days when you know you
don't quit had time to shower and your
hair looks like it definitely needs it
um you can spray this on really quickly
and it gives your hair that clean look I
use this a couple times and it works
really well what's great about this kit
it's got zero parabens or silicones in
them so they're you know they're not
weighing your hair down and having
chemicals and whatnot um I have so far
had really great luck with this kit on
my hair is shiny it's easy just easy to
style um and then it doesn't have all
those heavy chemicals in it so found
that my hair stays a little bit cleaner
for a little bit longer and if it
doesn't have the duration puta take care
of that but I'm really liking this kit
and I definitely would recommend it if
you're looking for something that's not
heavy on the chemicals and you want you
know the lighter feel but still want the
volume um i would definitely recommend
giving it a try it's available on
walmart com like i said it's a little
over twelve dollars and if you visit the
blog mommy digger calm you'll see that i
also
have a fifty-dollar walmart gift card
giveaway from rebel essences so that you
can order the kit for yourself and give
it a try um so yeah that's my thoughts
on it I really am liking it and I would
definitely recommend it so I missed the
herbal essences make it good that's all
have a good day thank you fight